while fighting invading monsters k
kurono rescues his friend
rika though she protests he attacks the
monster's leader
dying after killing it rika and her
surviving teammates are teleported back
to their base
elsewhere masaru kato dies attempting to
save someone from a knife attack in a
subway
he wakes up in a room with rika and her
teammates yoshikazu suzuki
an old man georgia onishi a surly
teenager
and an angry unidentified man suzuki
explains that they have each died and
woken in the room
and have been forced to fight against
waves of monsters ever since
before suzuki can explain further a
black orb identified as gantz announces
that their next
mission is about to begin the angry man
refuses to participate and is killed by
nishi who reasons that he would have
been a liability
after putting on skin-tight suits
containing advanced technology
the group is teleported to osaka when
kato presses for answers
nishi threatens to kill him suzuki
quickly explains the game
the team is given two hours to kill
every monster in the city
if they fail the team members die after
kato and his team meet the osaka team
some of whom have exotic weapons suzuki
tells him that players acquire points
for killing monsters
anyone who scores 100 points can choose
from three bonuses
upgraded weaponry resurrection of a
fallen teammate
or freedom from the game nishi turns
invisible to stealthily wait for high
point monsters
the others watch as the better-equipped
osaka team easily slaughters monsters
rika and suzuki urge kato to not engage
the monsters needlessly
but he insists that they rescue the
city's citizens
they refuse saying they are too weak
anzu yamasaki a member of the osaka team
follows kato trying to figure out his
motivation
kato says he is a student who has been
living alone with his younger brother
since the death of their parents
yamasaki reveals that she has a young
son and says they have something in
common
both must stay alive to help someone who
depends on them
although yamasaki initially believes
that kato is showing off
she eventually concludes that he
genuinely wants to help others and joins
him in killing a monster that was
menacing civilians
a gigantic monster rises from the water
and an equally large mecha appears
piloted by seven-time winner hakiro oka
oka kills the monster but loses his
mecha
in the meantime another monster kills
the two most competent players on the
osaka team
oka wounded and weaponless engages the
lead monster
who appears in a series of increasingly
deadly forms
oka appears to win but tells the team it
is not dead it must be taken by surprise
to be truly killed
after rising the demon easily defeats
the remaining players
suzuki is heavily wounded after
sacrificing himself to save kato
and nishi's arm is ripped off instead of
killing them
it goes after oka who has left to
retrieve better weapons
knowing someone must defeat the demon
and oka may be too wounded
kato decides to act as a decoy while
rika and yamasaki snipe the monster
before the plan begins yamasaki proposes
that
if she and kato survive they begin
living together with her son and kato's
brother
although surprised kato agrees and they
take their positions
the demon having killed oka attacks kato
and the others shoot it from a distance
before dying the demon kills yamasaki
and maims kato
kato collapses beside yamasaki's body
and the others assume him dead
rika suzuki and nishi are surprised when
he rejoins them
at the base where all are fully healed
when the scores are tallied up
kato has 100 points rika and suzuki
encourage him to choose his freedom
but he resurrects yamasaki after gantz
allows them to leave
cato races to his brother the others
reveal that this is cato's second time
in gantt's game
after winning a previous game he was
granted his freedom and had his memories
wiped
although they do not know how he
returned they state that his
self-sacrificing nature remains the same